COPYRIGHT 2017, KALEB WASMUTH

Please read the provided LICENSE for more information on your rights of usage for this program.

SimpleHG requires a few things to be prepared before you are able to start your first game.
It is suggested that you get familiar with config.yml which can be found in the SimpleHG/resources
folder after installing the plugin.  You can also find it on the GitHub page 

https://github.com/kaleb418/SimpleHG

Step 1 - Install the Plugin
    Move the SimpleHG.phar file into your /plugins directory and start/restart the server.
	Check that the plugin was loaded and enabled.  Please note that trying to start a game
	at this point will cause the plugin to fail.  On first load, a SimpleHG folder should
	be created in the plugins folder.
	
Step 2 - Prepare your Arena
	Your arena can be in any world that you have on your server.  It will be important to
	know several of the coordinates associated with the arena and the world name where the
	arena is located.  Coordinates can contain decimal values (eg. [120.41, 71, 530.22]).
	
	When creating your arena, you need to dedicate specific locations for players to spawn.
	As of this writing, players will take spawn locations in the order they are listed in
	the config.yml file.
	
	Your arena will need at least one chest to hold event items (eg. weapons, armor, food).
	It will be important that you have the coordinates for each chest that you wish to
	populate at the beginning of each game.
	
	Finally, you need a deathmatch location.  This is a single location where all remaining
	players will be teleported after a set amount of time.
	
	Aside from the things that were previously listed, you can build your arena as you see
	fit.  Once you have your arena prepared and you know the world name, coordinates for the 
	spawn locations, arena chests, and Deathmatch location, you need to update the config.yml
	file.
	
Step 3 - Updating config.yml
	You will need to edit the config.yml file before starting your first game.  There are
	several options here to help you host a great event.  To get your first game underway
	update the world: "world" line to match the name of the world where your arena is
	located.  For example, if your world name is YourArena then you would update the line
	to look like this:
	
		world: "YourArena"
	
	Please note that this name is not the name of the folder where the world is located.
	Next you need to set max-players to be the same number of spawn points you created in
	your arena.  So if your arena has 12 spawn points then:
	
		max-players: 12
	
	Next, you need to update the spawn-coords with the coordinates you have chosen for each
	player.  It is important that each set of coordinates be contained in square brackets [].
	A comma is necessary after each set of coordinates except the last set. An example set:
	
		spawn-coords: [
			[123.45, 67, 89.10],
			[10.98, 76, 543.21],
			[345.22, 67, 99.10],
			[100.10, 78, 345.11],
			[45, 77, 195],
			[324, 76, 545.78]
		]
	
	The chest-coords needs to be populated the same way that spawn coordinates were.  Pay
	special attention to the brackets and commas.
	
	Finally, update the deathmatch-coords to your selected spawn point.
	
		deathmatch-coords: [100.10, 78, 345.11]
	
	
Step 4 - Move config.yml and Restart the Server
	The config.yml file needs to be saved in plugins/SimpleHG instead of plugins/SimpleHG/resources.
	You may find it helpful to keep the original config.yml in the resources folder and just save
	the updated file directly in plugins/SimpleHG.  Once the file has been relocated, the server must
	be restarted (not reloaded) for the changes to take effect.
	
	Once your server has restarted test your settings by typing starthg in the console or /starthg in
	the chat window of someone with OP status.  Join the match by typing /joinhg in the chat window
	and have someone else join with you.  The game starts 60 seconds after the starthg command is sent.
	
	If all was well with your settings, you should be teleported to the arena during the countdown. If
	this doesn't happen, check your console for errors, make appropriate changes, and try again.
	

Hopefully your first match went as expected and you now have a working arena. As you get a feel for
things, you should update your config.yml file to modify things for a personalized match.  Check the
comments in the config.yml file for more information about each option.